(PERSON1) Hi, hello.

Can you hear me?

(PERSON2) Yes.

(PERSON1) I don't hear anyone.

I have to reconnect again.

Or maybe can can someone else, give it a try as well.

Because uh.

(PERSON2) I can hear you.

(PERSON1) [PERSON5], can you say something as well?

Because wi- with [PERSON2], I remember that uh [PERSON2] also had uh some microphone issues at times.

(PERSON2) And and you can hear- you cannot hear me or?

(PERSON1) Yeah, so uh so I'll try to reconnect uh I'll uh yeah.

Uh.

So [PERSON3]. 

Hello, can you say something?

(PERSON3) Uh yeah, hi.

(PERSON1) <other_yawn>

Yeah, I. 

Uh.

Uh I will have to reconnect uh-

Making [PERSON3] the host.

Uh. 

For now.

<other_yawn>

Yeah, so I I'm I'll make [PERSON3] the host for now.

And I r- -re- reconnect.

And leave meeting.

(PERSON2) Oh, okay.

I hear you, by the way.

Hello. 

(PERSON1) Yeah, yeah.

Now I can hear it.

So for some reason I have always has to connect a few times uh until Zoom starts sending also the sound to me.

It's <laugh> uh annoying.

Uh. 

<laugh>

Sorry.

(PERSON4) Mhm.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

So uh s- 

I was in a call until the very last minute.

So sorry that I didn't remind everybody to uh to connect.

Uh and uh.

S- uh I'm happy to see that uh you are here.

Uh so let's start.

Uh and also my machine crashed in the meantime.

So I had to like restart it.

And now it's all starting up.

Uhm.

Uh so uh I would like to start.

Maybe in the uh other order.

In the opposite order than uh last week.

Uh so, uh [PERSON4], if you could start.

You were one of those.

(PERSON4) Yes, so you want to hear, what did I do?

(PERSON1) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

(PERSON4) Yes.

So the transcripts for check are al- almost done. 

And uh one uh one transcriber of Germany is working.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON4) And she wants to do it alone until December the tenth.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON4) <other_yawn>

And my mother is writing the question for the German subti- subti- subtitle user study.

And uh she and she has some progress.

And then v- then she will move it to the spreadsheet.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON4) So we can uh get her feedback.

And and continue with that.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON4) And I started to write the deliverables. 

(PERSON1) Okay.

That's great.

Yeah, uh, starting to write.

Uh, deliverable.

Okay.

That's uh uh that's excellent.

(PERSON4) Uh.

(PERSON1) Uh, I'm hopeful about [PERSON8].

But I haven't heard from him back.

And he's not on the call either.

So let's uh uh uh-

Feel free to ping [PERSON8].

Uh uh uh yourself as well.

So the more-

(PERSON4) Okay.

(PERSON1) The more uh we do, the the better.

Great.

Uh, yeah.

Then-

Yeah-

(PERSON4) And and I asked [PERSON5] to do uh the transcripts of- by German ASR f- for the German transcriber.

(PERSON1) Yep, yeah, that's also very good.

(PERSON5) So so uh I have just added the transcripts for the first 30 parts.

And for the next ten parts, it's still running.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON4) Okay.

(PERSON5) Uh.

But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is wrong.

So something is uh uh wr- wrongly.

Basically, (the big trade), or something is wrong.

So some files a- are still-

Have still weird output, bu- but for most folders, it should be already fine.

(PERSON4) Okay, thanks.

(PERSON1) Yeah, that is great.

So, uh, uh t- I support this.

It's, uh uh uh it's it's great that, ah, the D- [PERSON4], you have thought of [PERSON5].

And it's great that [PERSON5] now has the time.

There are other things where I was uh thinking of [PERSON5].

And that would be training uh of uh empty systems so that they do the shortening.

Uh.

So-

(PERSON5) Mhm.

(PERSON1) Uh so if you uh [PERSON5] had the time uh obviously, there is no way we could do it for the next week.

But we should really have these systems uh ready for the upcoming sessions-

(PERSON5) Mhm.

(PERSON1) And uh af- I've asked [PERSON9] because I've seen uh the uh [PROJECT3] project uh demo.

Uh they do offline subtitling.

So that's slightly uh slightly easier than what we do.

Uh they still have the same segmentation issues and so on.

Uh but uh their machine translation is doing shortening.

Simply because the data is shortening.

And that's uh because their target side is uh- are the subtitles which are created for the hearing impaired.

So uh there there is like natural shortening in the data.

And uh it would be great uh  if if we could also locate some such type of the data.

Uh.

Where uh there is some natural shortening happening.

And uh we would get this-

We would uh uh w- like put this into the architecture.

(PERSON5) Mhm.

That's also uh possible.

But also I I looked at the at the tutorial from from-

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON5) (Dual EMNLT)-

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON5) And actually.

So so uh-

All of our models uh basically work with s- with uh with, yeah, sequence to sequence.

Where we just process the entire uh input, sentence.

And then, when we have the final output f- from from from the entire input sentence we start generating.

But the output sentence.

But, uh, but, actually, so, the people from I think, uh it was [ORGANIZATION2] actually.

They are doing it so that- they are just processing prefixes.

So they pref-

So they process first K words as they as they get them into the input.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON5) And then they generate the first word and the-

And then basically with every new token that they gather they they generate the new-

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON5) One new token.

So basically, it's much faster because you just generate one word at at a time.

And also, uh I I think i- it it-

It could be quite easy to implement the shortening in this in this model as well.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON5) Because then we can just stop generating after some time.

(PERSON1) Yeah, uh.

So it would be shortening because we ran out of time, right?

<laugh>

(PERSON5) Yeah.

Yeah yes, s- so basically we would just uh call it like to-

We would just train it s- so that it is stops- uh generating yeah- after some, some time.

Yeah.

So, so that could also work.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

Uh s- uh so I've talked to [PERSON10].

Or or [PERSON10] mentioned in in a call that, uh [PROJECT4] is not ready.

Has no uh specific things uh.

Ah for speech translation.

So this made uh (K) and other strategies are not in [PROJECT4].

(PERSON5) Okay.

So we would have to implement this.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

And there is nobody uh uh.

Uh uh in Edinburgh, who would have the time to do that.

So uh if you would have the time.

Then you are uh one possible candidate.

And we d- actually do not have any other candidates.

(PERSON5) <laugh>

(PERSON1) Well maybe I I I thought uh uh that that maybe some students of [PERSON11].

I don't know if he is on the call already.

But that is also like uh very risky and and like distant.

Uh so it would be difficult.

Uh, but uh, s- so that, uh, uh.

The only other possible candidate would be, ah, [PERSON12] from uh, the [PROJECT5] project.

Uh, who uh uh like works halfway in Prague and halfway in Brno.

Um.

But he is working on other things.

Uh in [PROJECT4].

So I don't want to uh uh like uh defocus him too too much.

So uh [PERSON5], please think about it.

(PERSON5) Okay.

(PERSON1) If that would be- <unintelligible>

(PERSON5) Okay, so right now I don't know if it is realistic.

Because uh I I was just looking at the [PROJECT4] source code some time ago.

And I saw basically-

It's quite like uh.

Yeah, it's quite low level.

It's v- very in C++ and so on.

So I I don't know how hard it will be to change this.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON5) But i-

But i- i- if I if I see that i- it is possible.

If I understand what's going on in the code.

Then yeah.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON5) I will let you know.

<unintelligible>

(PERSON1) Yeah. 

Thanks. 

Uh so let me check the-

This is so so poor.

I've never seen-

So we have [PERSON2], [PERSON6] and [PERSON3] here on the call.

Uh further.

So now, from all of you.

I would like to hear an update uh uh f- for the sessions uh for next week.

So one thing is the Monday seminar.

Uh that should be done very easily.

Don't bother yourself with uh uh that much.

But I think that [PERSON6] should uh just like, click, uhm <other_yawn> click on to s- s- s- some buttons.

And get the uh uh get the uh, uh vocabulary.

Uh uh, expanded for that, right?

(PERSON6) Well, yes. 

(PERSON1) Yeah, so-

(PERSON6) (Probably) I will work it on tomorrow.

(PERSON1) Yes, yeah.

Uh but uh then a lot of effort is to be put into uh.

The uh preparation for the two setups.

Um, uh.

For, uh ([PROJECT2]) uh and (SG1).

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON1) And uh [PERSON6], you mention it that you don't  have the webpage for ([PROJECT2]).

Is that still true?

(PERSON6) Uh no, I fa- found it.

(PERSON1) Okay.

(PERSON6) And uh I I just saw the uh program for ([PROJECT2]).

And I was checking the talks.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON6) And I I am trying to uh gather the data <unintelligible> from those (tasks) that are mentioned in the program.

(PERSON1) So could you merha- maybe, perhaps, perhaps, for the uh uh-

Well well, oh you are you are away.

So you're away the whole Friday?

Or only at eleven?

(PERSON6) Uh no I'm away from eleven to one.

(PERSON1) From eleven to one?

(PERSON6) No no ten to uh uh twelve.

(PERSON1) Ten to twelve.

Okay, so in the afternoon, for example, in in the Czech afternoon, you are able to to uh to do something.

(PERSON6) Yes.

(PERSON1) So I would suggest if it's not too late for for [PERSON3].

And I guess it's not that uh uh you could have a z- Zoom call again uh with the videos uh.

And uh t- uh like to uh to have a dry run of some past similar talks to ([PROJECT2]) (docs).

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON1) And see how uh that system works.

And uh at the same time.

Uh we can do the same thing with the (mayborl).

For example, the the uh [ORGANIZATION3] talks.

So they are in the [PROJECT1] test set.

So I will uh uh .

We have the the links, uh uh uh somewhere else maybe.

I- 

(PERSON6) I I I'm a bit afraid that the (mayborl) probably will not be prepared till tomorrow.

Because uh tomorrow I'll be working on the Monday similar model as well.

So I think we can run the dataset for Monday.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

Yeah, uh.

Well-

(PERSON6) Is it too late?

(PERSON1) Uh. 

The more tests we do, the better.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON1) So even if we do the test of uh like the two concurrent uh subtitlings.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON1) Without domain adaptation, it would be useful test.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

Okay.

For sure.

(PERSON1) So, [PERSON3] if you could plan for tomorrow afternoon.

So that-

(PERSON3) Yeah, I'm planning to do that.

(PERSON1) So there it will be two videos.

Uh, played concurrently.

So that actually means that we need you to operate two machines.

<laugh>

That's another critical thing.

Uh.

<laugh>

(PERSON3) Uh uh I can't (stop) it.

I can operate two machines.

I have two laptops at home.

So uh I can do that, I guess.

(PERSON1) Yes, but you need two local machines.

You need to (arc).

And one more machine with X to go.

(PERSON3) I can use blackbird.

(PERSON1) Okay.

Yeah, so (arc) and blackbird, right?

Yeah.

(PERSON3) Yeah.

(PERSON1) So tomorrow in the afternoon.

Uh c- c-should we say, like one or two, Czech time.

What is better for you?

(PERSON3) Yeah.

Both is okay with me.

Both is good for me.

(PERSON1) Yeah so I suggest that one.

Uh Czech time.

So like uh Zoom Test for uh two uh youtube uh videos at the same time.

So uh [PERSON3], would the uh-

Two uh-

Uh p- presentations be ready to paragraph use ready.

(PERSON3) Uh so I got the access to (took his platform, my engage last night).

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON3) It was pretty late in India.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON3) So I I didn't set up my account then.

I will complete it today.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON3) Basically yesterday (or worked) with all the steps.

So it should be easy for me to do that now.

Uh, it will be done today, I guess.

Yeah.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON3) So tomorrow we are going-

(PERSON1) There is, there is some chance that-

<laugh>

Uh, yeah.

So [PERSON1] will provide s- so uh well-

[PERSON3] uh [PERSON3] setting up uh two presentations.

So, and [PERSON6] [PERSON6] uh has been working on uh adaptation uh for the two domains.

Uh, [PERSON3] setting up to online text.

Uh, s- uh on-

Two paragraph (views).

Uh on (quest plus) virtual machines, uh behind.

Uh and then uh Friday uh um test uh time for two concurrent sessions. 

Uh so it will be (arc) plus black uh bird.

Uh one will follow (saul) video, one will follow.

Ah, I will say (CL) video.

So [PERSON6], if you uh put, could put uh a link here.

Please add a uh link.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON1) Uh [PERSON6]. 

Uh.

And uh I will put a link.

[PERSON1] will put a link here.

<other_yawn>

Yeah, so this will be the two videos.

Uh we will uh start them.

And we will watch that.

The pipeline will be probably the very same.

But still.

You should like, have it as two separate pipelines.

And you must not uh mess it up.

<laugh>

And later.

Uh, l- like l- later Friday or on in on Monday.

Uh, the models will be updated.

Uh with the uh with the domain elected ones.

Yeah.

(PERSON6) Yeah.

(PERSON1) So uh on Friday.

Use uh uh two separate uh pipelines. 

Uh but each running actually the same thing.

<laugh>

Uh update the each of the pipelines.

Each of the pipelines uh on Monday for the two different domain adaptations.

Yeah, so that is uh that.

And I'm curious about the evaluation. 

The scores.

So [PERSON3] you have mentioned that you are already doing some ASR.

(PERSON3) Yeah, so I am compiling some (clusters) <unintelligible> (for that).

But I am a uh facing some issues.

It is basically that some videos are not getting some audios or videos are not really connected properly into a 16 (cave) format.

So uh I'm looking into that.

So [PERSON7] told me yesterday-

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON3) That there are some issues with some audio.

And I have to do that manually if that doesn't happen.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

So this is uh essential.

This should be uh-

Th-

We we should we all should know like how how to do it.

It should be part of uh the automatic evaluation of [PROJECT1] test set right.

(PERSON3) Yeah it is.

It is.

(PERSON1) It is.

But it's not working properly?

(PERSON3) Yeah.

But there are some audio files uh where it, it gets converted to the <unintelligibile> format.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON3) But when you pass it to the (A S I) system, the sound system will not work on that.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

So this is this is strange.

<laugh>

Uh, issues with some files.

(PERSON3) Yeah, so.

(PERSON1) Uh. 

With the sixteen uh for a match.

Uh converted uh from mp3s.

So uh. 

Yeah [PERSON3], seek for any help you can get.

So uh if [PERSON7] can uh uh do that.

Uh, then.

Uh, please tell [PERSON7] to do it.

(PERSON3) Yeah, yeah he shared with me how to do it.

So I am doing it today.

Uh.

But yeah, ah, that that saying a bit of time.

Because I need to figure out which one is the one which is not uh getting passes with ASR.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON3) So once I know that, I can keep a track of it.

So uh for future, or actually, for future I would not need it.

Because once I have the (WAB) file, I probably won't need to do convert.

(PERSON1) Uh uh yeah.

Well, this uh this should be actually, can you still hear me?

The sound quality is is uh a little worse.

Uh so this should really be done uh all the time.

So every time we run this evaluation, it should be, uh, run from scratch.

So uh every time, there should be a fresh download of [PROJECT1] test set, a fresh conversion and fresh evaluation.

(PERSON3) Uh, yeah.

Uh but still, if I am keeping track of the files, which uh needs to be manually converted so that I can write write a script.

And it could take care of at least the known ones.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON3) And if we add some new files, I can see for that later.

Yeah, so this is uh <laugh> an important thing that we should have s- uh uh like c- come across, some months ago.

Remember, I it's it's it's since August that I've been telling that that we want to evaluate on [PROJECT1] test set.

So uh and uh like i- i- every time you uh all.

It's not just you personally [PERSON3].

It's uh there are other things, obviously.

But like every time uh you thought about that.

You you thought that, well, this will be easy.

We will just run it.

And and only when you actually do it, you will see all the problems.

So this is uh known, common.

It's always like that.

So uh so uh that's a message for everybody.

Before you try, you never know what will be the the problem.

So for example, the call that I had uh that uh was someone was interviewing me.

So they uh they, they wanted to record the video.

Zoom never worked as badly for me as it as it was <laugh> today for the recording.

Uh so before you do, you cannot say whether it will work or or not.

And here we are running on the uh in the problems of conversion of the of the file formats.

Uh so hopefully you will be able to uh like quickly get the numbers.

So do you have any word error rates so far?

(PERSON3) No, I have not processed it.

So uh Brian said that once they get the transcript, we will learn it together.

Because he also has not thoroughly (attached to) the system.

So he wanted to do it together.

(PERSON1) And you have the-

(PERSON3) I'll have a call with him.

(PERSON1) Today?

Right?

(PERSON3) Yes.

(PERSON1) Yes, that's very important.

So uh [PERSON11] is going to be extremely busy.

Because he is organizing some event tomorrow and over the weekend.

So we, we must not rely on [PERSON11].

So today is your last chance to get it running before the the weekend.

And then only from Monday onwards, probably he he could help.

So that's uh uh, that's (better) thing.

(PERSON3) Yeah.

Then uh maybe uh have also [PERSON7] on that call with [PERSON11].

Is that planned that way?

(PERSON3) Um, not right now.

I will ask [PERSON7] if he's available.

(PERSON1) Please.

Please do.

And uh, who else could be of any help there.

So my only uh thinking is of [PERSON5] who was able to simply come by and help immediately.

<laugh>

(PERSON3) Well, in this.

I do not think anything will be a-

Any-

I I-

I don't know.

For now.

There are like a lot of things to run.

But I'm also simplifying everything so that, uh, we won't have.

I think.

(PERSON1) Yeah, okay, uh.

Yeah, so let's uh let's hope it will all work out.

So as soon as you have any numbers.

Please send them to me.

Just regardless how low or high the numbers are.

This just receiving the numbers will be a big relief for me.

<laugh>

(PERSON3) I will, at least for <unintelligible> will send you the numbers today.

(PERSON1) Yeah, so for for which data set the uh-

(PERSON3) It is a [ORGANIZATION4] <unintelligibile> (IWSLT) 2020. 

Yeah.

Uh it's uh part of that.

(PERSON1) [ORGANIZATION4], [ORGANIZATION4].

Okay, yeah yeah.

It's it's just.

I mispronounce it.

So probably, you know, the correct pronunciation.

And I do not recognize it.

<laugh>

Yeah.

So there is this (saw) files.

And these are more important uh.

Because they reflect the domain that we have for the (SG1) meeting.

(PERSON3) Yeah.

(PERSON1) And there is uh the (money dogs), and these are important for uh the uh (CL) domain.

(PERSON3) Yes, oh, okay, so uh I, I'll send you-

All the three. 

(PERSON1) Yeah, okay, great.

Uh, yeah.

And uh so I know that [PERSON6] is working on the [PROJECT1] test for the two domains.

(We'll), do Monday seminar tomorrow.

That we will like, one (shot) think.

And uh uh uh uh I'm very curious.

So, [PERSON6], are you taking uh a part in that call, uh, with [PERSON11] as well?

(PERSON6) No.

(PERSON1) Uh I think it's uh I think you also should.

(PERSON6) Okay.

(PERSON1) Because you should also evaluate.

Uh the uh-

So I'm I'm hoping that you will be able to have uh the multiple uh custom dictionaries in the ASR system.

The dictionaries that come from [PERSON2].

Uh and that you will choose, which is the best uh one.

Th- that you will have some numbers to to choose.

Uh, uh, which of the ASR systems should be used.

Which of the vocabulary should be used.

And for that, you need the evaluation.

So uh uh whatever you see uh b- by shown by [PERSON11] will be also useful for you.

Unless you already know how to run (SLDF).

(PERSON6) No, I do not yet.

And ah, so I think there are some things to discuss about the (multiple) dictionaries.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON6) Uh I I received your email yesterday with uh the thing I was I mentioned in the <unintelligible> (ASL) system without using (pretest) (for pronunciations) was better than <unintelligible> (multiple pronunciations). 

(PERSON1) Uh so so s- so sorry say it again.

And be more precise.

So [PERSON2] sent this email with the forwards, the uh (Watson IBM) and yeah.

(PERSON6) So so this (family) was-

I sent the uh files to [PERSON2].

Three files of IBM and three files of Watson.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON6) And so he sent me the uh phonemes spoken in those files.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON6) And so beca- uh since his model works on some (ASR).

And so he first recognized the words in the audio file.

And then converted into phonemes.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON6) And then sent it to me.

So there was.

Uh.

S-

For example, there was one file in which the word was for IBM.

And so uh uh it the (ESL) decoded it as I think (for IBM).

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON6) And so the phonemes were recorded <unintelligible>

So uh in this way, he sent me the phonemes.

And I added those pronunciations in my dictionary.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

(PERSON6) And so the performance of dix- (description) was exactly the same with the without uh adding these pronunciations in their dictionaries.

And the one uh domain adaptation model that I develop with my manual uh pronunciations.

That perform is slightly better than these models.

(PERSON1) Mhm.

Okay, yeah.

(PERSON6) So-

Uh.

Well, this is too small of a sample.

And then I noted- uh, uh, uh, [PERSON2] produced uh the long uh word list, right?

(PERSON6) Hm.

(PERSON1) And you have not tested that one yet.

(PERSON6) Yes, (ASR), that is uh for uh phoneme bi- to grapheme.

(PERSON1) Yes.

(PERSON6) <unintelligible>

I I don't think so, or I'm confused.

How can I use it as it is, I think.

That can be used by developing for some model.

From uh <unintelligible> (phoneme to grapheme) model and then using it.

(PERSON1) Uh no, no, no.

This is.

This is exactly as what you did with the (Watson).

So you just swap the columns.

(PERSON6) Okay, okay.

Okay.

(PERSON1) So you just convert the uh the uh international phonetic alphabet into the phonemes, uh, that uh uh that uh (cmu) knows.

(PERSON6) Uh so so it means that that (lace) should contain Watson.

(PERSON1) Uh well, I do not know if that is contains Watson.

But it's-

(PERSON6) But I mean-

So uh dele- it is assumed that <unintelligible> should contain our (words).

(PERSON1) Yes.

(PERSON6) Okay.

(PERSON1) Yeah, yeah.

And then I agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary.

So the thing that I asked for is that you would have various versions of this dictionary by taking only the words that were observed five times.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON1) And only the pronunciations that were observed three times or more or something like that.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON1) So that way uh these random errors, such as the example with this (four Ibm) instead of (Ibm).

This will be not be so frequent.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON1) But still, you will have the very ends in pronunciation.

Because if the person uh s- says this also.

If you remember, if he says this also with zet 20 times in the uh in the talk.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON1) Uh then you will see that in the data with the zet.

And uh uh and if he sometimes manages to say correctly, also.

Then yeah again, you will see that in the data.

So, I would like.

[PERSON6], you to be in the touch with [PERSON2], maybe continue uh uh on this call, right?

I have to uh uh  I will have to leave now, because I need to give the kids, the, the, the lunch and so on.

But uh please stay on this call and figure out jointly how to use that dictionary.

So [PERSON6], please show to [PERSON2].

Uh what is the dictionary that the system is accepting.

Share your screen.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON1) Uh and and show it.

And uh uh [PERSON2].

Please have a look at that.

And help with converting the dictionary that you emitted to that file.

One thing that will be still needed is the language model substitute.

But all these words uh should be like the known words.

So [PERSON6].

You need to figure out what words are in the uh in the language model. 

And the words which are in the language model should be simply copied.

So the the the dictionary will have three columns.

Uh the grapheme as it is output.

Uh when recognized.

The phoneme uh as [PERSON2] proposed.

And there will be multiple lines with different phoneme variations.

And the third column.

That will be also the same again for all of those.

And there will be, again, the same grapheme form.

So that's when the language model sees.

And I think that this way uh the uh these uh systems should be able to to load it.

And you will also possibly run into one more problem that it's not ready for two big custom dictionaries.

So this is also something that has to be tested.

But please test it, uh the the you two together.

So [PERSON2] knows what he created in the dictionary.

And you know what the dictionary looks like.

Uh when you are creating it manually.

And you need to put these two (knowledgeist) <laugh> pieces of knowledge together.

Uh, so that it works with the uh with the generated dictionary.

(PERSON6) Uh uhm okay.

Okay.

(PERSON1) So [PERSON2], does this make sense?

(PERSON2) Yeah, sure.

We'll discuss it.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

So uh is there anything else?

[PERSON2], that you, uh, uh, that you have.

Any-

(PERSON2) Well, maybe maybe interesting information for [PERSON4].

I'm finishing training of uh German ASR that may be used for for uh for uh time stamping.

Uhm.

I'm not sure uh how uh good it will be.

Because I'm training it on (Liberty Speech).

And although uh when I was downloading uh it.

Uh uh it uh they claimed it has uh more than 600 hours than a but uh uh the training set.

The uh the uh uh actual training set uh contains only around 300 hours.

And I'm still not sure uh whether this 300 uh hours.

Uh uh it does not contain uh similar sentences.

Or actually the same sentences, but spoken by but by uh different speakers.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

(PERSON2) Yeah.

So uh it's uh.

Because mm, well, um.

For example, in English or Czech uh I was used to uh.

Uh, used to observe uh her more steep conversions, and uh now it uh um.

Now it want converse so fast.

So, uh, and well if if I'm a uh.

I uhm take uh some uh samples uh f- of uh during the training.

Then there are some still some uh serious errors in the in the ASR output.

So so so maybe I'm I'm I'm I'm hopeful that-

Uh, for for the time stamping it's good enough.

(PERSON4) Yeah.

(PERSON2) Uh uh or at least we, we might try it.

(PERSON4) Okay, sure.

And is it it possible to enrich the language modal by texts?

Cause we have lots of relevant texts from your [ORGANIZATION5].

(PERSON2) Oh well uhm, I'm for for the decoding.

Uh, I uh my deal was with also language model for uh.

Well, it depends on what we want to do.

If we want to just uh infer uh like like (obtain) uh transcripts.

Then we can uh we can uh use language model.

And, uhm.

Uh well we can- we can also get uh uh time stamps.

For for for uh the transcript.

(PERSON4) Yes.

(PERSON2) But uh if if you have uh transcript, and we want just to do uh just to do uh time stamping.

Then there is no way how we can use the language model.

(PERSON4) Yes, I. 

We may need both.

Transcripts for (defen) test set.

Or or I mean, forced alignment for (defen) test set.

And then reco- recognition for uh for the rest for around a 100 hours.

(PERSON2) Well, there are uh (f- the for the) recognition.

There is possibility to use language model.

(PERSON4) Yes.

(PERSON1) Yes.

Yeah, so.

So uh yeah, thanks for the progress.

Please discuss this separately.

Uh I just uh because I really have to leave.

I would like to stay uh [PERSON6] to stay on the call with [PERSON2], right, and discuss how to use the dictionary.

And I see [PERSON7] here.

So [PERSON7], how much time do you have in the coming days?

(PERSON7) Uh.

It it actually depends on on what day are we asking, like.

I have some presentations to make.

Um and assignments are piling up.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

So while uh there is a lot of things that [PERSON3] needs to do.

And I think it would be good if you too would like split it among yourselves so that [PERSON3] can manage that in time.

So uh there is this.

Uh the scoring.

Uh some meeting with [PERSON11] this afternoon.

So I think you should really join that as well.

(PERSON7) Okay, okay.

(PERSON1) Because this is the this is the numbers that we want to obtain for the different models.

Uh and then uh [PERSON3] needs to prepare to have the double uh system running.

We will do first test of this tomorrow at one uh Prague time.

So I think that if if you [PERSON7] focused more on getting the numbers.

And [PERSON3] focus on getting these systems running.

Uh then it would-

Then we would reach uh the the goals.

(PERSON7) Okay, makes sense.

Okay.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

So please like discuss uh this separately to find the time.

I don't know the meeting time for, uh, with [PERSON11].

Uh, and uh.

Yeah.

B- but I really want to see the numbers.

So I would r- like to have the ASR numbers uh t- today.

Uh and uh m- uh uh and improved numbers uh on Monday.

When [PERSON6] has the domain adaptation for those.

Uh and then we will, on Monday, decide which of the models to use.

And we can still move Monday to Tuesday.

But Tuesday is already the ([PROJECT2]) day.

So the uh the uh (CL) decision uh really has to p- happen on Monday.

S- and we need at least two numbers to compare.

<laugh>

Get one number the baselines now and the uh.

Uh, the uh improved.

Uh, uh on Monday.

(PERSON7) Okay, okay, okay.

(PERSON1) Yeah.

Okay.

So uh I'm leaving at the moment.

And if it's asks me to-

No.

Now, [PERSON3] is the host.

So that's that's good.

As long as [PERSON3] is on the call.

Um um s- uh uh t- the call can run.

So please [PERSON6] and [PERSON2] synchronize.

And [PERSON7] follow that as well.

And uh [PERSON3], and you synchronize uh!

And uh.

Get the numbers.

Send send any numbers to me today.

Uh.

Yeah s- uh so as a baseline.

So thanks and sorry for uh taking more time.

And yeah. 

(PERSON7) Thank you-

(PERSON1) Thank you for (stressed for) all the, for these tests things.

All right.

Well.

Bye.

(PERSON6) Bye.

(PERSON3) Well, [PERSON7] I'll send you uh a text on Slack later.

(PERSON7) Yes.

So.

(PERSON3) So that (her told him).

Because, oh, as was mentioned by you on the call call lat- yesterday or (day before) yesterday.

I tried processing it.

But I uh think some of the files, even in uh [ORGANIZATION4] data set.

Are uh are (tools) files, which doesn't get converted into 16 (killer) <unintelligible> format pretty easily.

(PERSON7) Okay, that is not, that's not a big big issue.

Uh uh I'll take care of it again.

Uh.

Are we discussing anything else?

I <unintelligible> the call, but I see silence.

<laugh>

(PERSON4) Why do w-

What do you want to compare?

[PERSON3]?

(PERSON3) Uh-

(PERSON4) All the workers and their quality and latency?

In (Flickr)?

(PERSON3) Uh uh actually mostly about uh the.

I- it's basically about uh the error rates uh in machine translation.

And the (ASR).

(PERSON4) Yes.

I think we have only one option for ASR, don't we? 

Only one ASR worker, or there are two?

(PERSON3) Sorry?

(PERSON4) How many ASR workers do we have?

(PERSON3) Right now, one is from [ORGANIZATION1].

Uh.

One what we use for our Monday seminars. 

That's new.

Ah, even for with ([ORGANIZATION1]), we have two.

Uh, one is.

(PERSON4) Okay.

(PERSON3) Uh, the <unintelligible> seq- sequence.

The other one is a normal one.

(PERSON4) Yeah, so.

(PERSON3) And uh in the Monday seminar one [PERSON6] is going to do more of an adaptation.

For the (saw) and uh s- uh uh for both the different tasks.

And uh finally, on Monday, we'll see, uh which model performs best.

(PERSON4) Yes.

When I did the comparison of the workers.

For (IWSLT), then I observed that that there are no big differences in machine translation parts.

But the uh the (bottom line) in quality was the ASR quality.

So you may select the best ASR worker in quality.

And then then then pick the uh uh empty worker with the lowest latency.

And and some good (flicker) and latency.

And (flicker) you might test quite quite easily on one document.

And not not, on the whole, test set.

(PERSON3) Yes.

(PERSON7) I also-

(PERSON3) I'll do that.

(PERSON7) During the month of August uh, we also had numbers for the empty models.

Where uh, how do I say it.

The (rainbow empty models), uh scores were better than our len- our I think yeah.

Maybe (lindat) or [PERSON5]'s-

(PERSON3) It was my idea.

(PERSON7) Uh. 

Uh it was [PROJECT4].

(PERSON3) I think so.

(PERSON7) I'm not sure.

No no no I think you you you were not at at that moment.

So you may be <unintelligible>

(PERSON3) Uh I have the scores, so that's why.

(PERSON7) Oh okay, you have the scores.

So uh actually, Mohammed compared the scores between, I think, uh it was (rainbow) and there (summer) set of workers.

(And rainbows set up a rainbow workers about better.)

I think it was more just uh uh 32, 43 to 43 languages.

And that were kind uh, they had like little uh lesser scores, I mean.

Uh. 

(Rainbow workers) had better scores.

In short, yeah.

(PERSON3) Okay.

Basically how what [PERSON1] mentioned on the call that there was two <unintelligible> individual translation workers, you can see if they are performing better.

(PERSON7) Yeah.

(PERSON3) So.

Uh if not, then obviously we can uh fall back to uh the (rainbow).

(PERSON7) (Rainbow), yeah.

(PERSON3) (Rainbow) worker.

Uh okay, so I'll make [PERSON6] the host now. 

Because uh I'll go and have my lunch.

It's pretty late here, and I didn't (have lunch).

(PERSON6) <unintelligible>

(PERSON7) Thank you bye-bye.

And text me on slack (on the weekend).

(PERSON4) Yeah.

Bye. 

(PERSON5) Okay, [PERSON4].

Okay, I am.

(PERSON3) Bye.

(PERSON5) I am just trying to commit it.

But uh, so o- okay.

I have it in the good format now.

But I just.

Because I'm just checking the folders.

And for some folders, the output is like totally terrible.

I don't know like why is this.

(PERSON4) Okay.

(PERSON5) But for some folders it's okay, and for some, it is terrible.

Like na- na- like all the words are some just uh.

(PERSON4) Uh. 

Yeah.

It-

(PERSON5) Like-

(PERSON4) It may be caused by the speaker.

Maybe he doesn't speak clearly.

For the ASR.

(PERSON5) Because, like, it's just uh the- 

Like most common words in the language.

I would say, which are, which are recognized over and over.

Like half of the words it's <unintelligible>, or you know.

(PERSON4) Yeah.

Yeah, it may happen. 

Maybe you you can.

If you want to inspect it, then l- listen to the to the source audio.

And you will see w- when it is right.

(PERSON5) Yes yes. 

(PERSON4) Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It doesn't matter if if we miss some, some some of them.

And the annotator will ca- ca- can filter them out the.

By by herself.
(PERSON5) Okay.

(PERSON4) You can keep them directly.

(PERSON5) Okay okay, because l- like for the first files it worked.

And now I have files with Czech names.

And for for for this, it is working quite bad.

So, yeah, it could be this.

(PERSON4) Mhm.

Yeah.

(PERSON5) I'm just going to (check) it once more.

And then I will push it.

(PERSON4) Great.

Yeah.

And it will be good to commit or to save the <unintelligible>.

(PERSON5) I see I see it's probably not the speaker.

But it's the files.

Because often for the files, like when I converted them even to the uh right format.

It just told me like (ff mpe) (again) told me that-

That there were wrong time stamps in the file, whatever that means.

(PERSON4) Mhm.

(PERSON5) And basically the uh so the uh yes.

So uh so I, I now see that the the transcripts for for these files are don't have the right length.

So they were processed incorrectly.

And I'm not sure how to uh how to convert them properly, because (F F M P G) just just returns the error for those files.

Yeah, I will <unintelligible>.

(PERSON4) You may try (socks).

(PERSON5) Yeah, but it does not support the the format, actually.

(PERSON4) Which source format, is it?

(OGG)?

(PERSON5) It's-

Yeah it is actually od-.

Ah, wait.

Then it should.

I don't know why it didn't.

I will try it once more.

Okay, yeah, I will, I will.

Then then I will use <unintelligible>.

Or I don't know what was actually the problem.

Uh.

Okay, yeah.

Because because for most of the folders that I that I transcribe later.

There is this problem that basically the length is incorrect.

Oh okay, so I will change this to (suxy).

And actually, how how many how many worker- workers can I run in parallel on (cpu)?

Is it like, can I run, let's say 100?

(PERSON4) Um, on on one machine?

Or-

(PERSON5) I don't know, like on any- anywhere-

(PERSON4) Or or in (Q)?

To-

As you can run 100.

(PERSON5) Okay, be-

Because like-

(PERSON4) By by (Q summit) or.

Or like this.

(PERSON5) Yeah.

Because I think that the uh best thing right now would be basically to throw away everything.

And to and to run everything in parallel.

So that like in one hour everything would be done. 

(PERSON4) Yes.

No.

(PERSON5) Because-

(PERSON4) No problem.

(PERSON5) Because like now, I think for my maybe half of the files it would be, you know, like totally wrong.

(PERSON4) Yes.

(PERSON5) And that would like confuse everyone, a- a- and and I can't really find whi- which files.

It is because it's a lot of files, so I would have to open everything.

Now (on audacity).

So maybe I will just change the conversing. 

Okay.

(PERSON4) Yeah and the converting command is called SOX.

S, O, X.

(PERSON5) Mhm.

(PERSON4) SOXI is another command.

It gives you only the information.

(PERSON5) Mhm.

(PERSON4) I knew my (Goo- Google of the format).

(PERSON5) Mhm.

(PERSON4) Of the conversions.

For the conversion.

(PERSON5) Uh sorry.

I accidentally refreshed.

Okay, I will trade for one file if it works better.

For this guy called uh Strejček.

(PERSON4) Mhm.

Uh.

But [PERSON2] are are you still here?

(PERSON2) Yeah.

(PERSON4) And how much time do you have to work on the German ASR?

Can can we-

Ca- can we-

Or should we go forward with the language model fo- to process the the interpreters?

(PERSON2) Um.

Like you would like to train a language modal?

(PERSON4) Yes or-

(PERSON2) Well.

Um, ah, I am.

Ah, uh, continuously.

Uh, saving uh checkpoints so I can already run ASR.

So if you provide me a la- language model.

Then-

(PERSON4) Then I can only provide you the texts.

The monolingual German text in the in the [ORGANIZATION6] domain.

And uh so it will be in (the main).

And then I hope there will be a good quality for the recognition.

(PERSON2) Well uhm.

And one more thing.

My (ASR) is uh uh uh lower case.

Is it okay for you?

(PERSON4) Yes.

(PERSON2) Okay.

And without punctuation also.

(PERSON4) Yes, we don't.

(PERSON2) Okay.

(PERSON4) We don't care so far. 

(PERSON2) Great. 

Then you can provide me with it.

I'm not sure whether I I uh will get it done by today.

But-

(PERSON4) Yeah, no problem.

(PERSON2) Tomorrow.

I think it could be done.

(PERSON5) Yeah, uh, okay, ah, yeah, one more thing.

(PERSON4) Mhm.

(PERSON5) So I figured out that actually in the fi- in some of the files there is, you don't just hear the interpreter.

But you also hear the person saying something in English in the background.

(PERSON4) Yeah.

(PERSON5) So maybe that could also be the problem.

That it's picking up the wrong person, actually.

(PERSON4) Yeah.

(PERSON5) Yeah.

(PERSON4) Ah, so only only at the beginning or during the whole (speech)?

(PERSON5) Everywhere.

That's the thing, everywhere.

(PERSON4) Yeah, uh but so if it does work now, then okay.

If it doesn't work, then I can apply some kind of filter to cut off the- this effort with with low volume.

Maybe.

(PERSON4) It's it's okay. 

Or you- 

(PERSON5) Okay, I will just s- I will just try how it works and I will see.

(PERSON4) Yes.

Yeah.

(PERSON5) So-

(PERSON4) Or we can ask the annotator whether the transcription work helped to spare ther- spare her time.

(PERSON5) Mhm.

(PERSON4) And <laugh> if she says that not, even when the quality is good, then then we don't need to care much about the rest.

(PERSON5) Okay.

(PERSON4) And we rather focus on [PERSON2]'s uh high quality on on the others.

(PERSON6) Not a [PERSON2] may (we discuss) now.

(PERSON2) (Fine).

(PERSON6) May we discuss now?

Or there are some thing <unintelligible> meeting?

(PERSON2) Yeah.

(PERSON4) No, I think we are done.

I will send an email to [PERSON2].

(PERSON6) Okay, thank you.

(PERSON4) And I may disconnect this call soon.

So (feel).

(PERSON1) Bye.

(PERSON5) Bye.

(PERSON2) Bye.

(PERSON4) Bye.

(PERSON6) So if I am sharing my screen.

<unintelligible>

I think.

Can you see <unintelligible>?

(PERSON2) Yes.

(PERSON6) So this is the format of dictionary that is used by the ASR.

S- and the so the first one is the word.

And the next is the pronunciation of the word.

And-

(PERSON2) And and-

This curly brackets, what's? 

(PERSON6) Uh I actually do not know why is these are here.

But there are the curly brackets uh around the pronunciation and be (calibrated) around first and the last for me with (W B) in there.

(PERSON2) And the some some special mark, or or- 

(PERSON6) Uh which one?

(PERSON2) Uh the W B.

(PERSON6) Yes, this is.

This is uh uh. 

I don't know.

It probably will be the requirement of the uh tool [ORGANIZATION1].

So it is W, B for all the words.

(PERSON2) Okay.

(PERSON6) <unintelligible> before starting and ending for me.

And even if uh if this is not there, I think it it's not a big issue for me to (append).

But the problem is-

So this is the <unintelligible> dictionary.

And it is is actually in our public format.

So I think you can find it (about it) on Wikipedia, as well.

Like <unintelligible> this alphabet.

(PERSON2) Mhm, yeah.

(PERSON6) Uh so it appeared to two, two letter.

Uh.

First one is also available on there.

And there is a uh I (under).

They found a package of our language.

Which, which automatically converts the (IP) to <unintelligible> the other way.

So that can be <unintelligible> easily <unintelligible> problem <unintelligible>. 

Phonemes there some IP formats that are not alphabet.

<unintelligible>

I couldn't uh <unintelligible>.

(PERSON2) Okay.

(PERSON6) but that was not converted by <unintelligible>.

Uh, this is the the email window.

And so there was there was very some phonemes that weren't (formatted) into the f- corresponding alphabet for names and uh.

So I p- I am afraid that when I will be processing this list of graphemes to phonemes to graphemes so probably there will be some issues regarding the such phonemes.

So if I I I can share the other f- package with you if if you are familiar with (arl) that is actually very easy to use.

Various manual is also available for that package.

So you can use that package as well.

Or in any way, if you would uh convert these uh this.

Uh these alphabet in phonemes that would be great for me.

Is it possible?

(PERSON2) Uhm.

I can uh take a look at the.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON2) Well, um I think I have a- send you.

Um send you some link once.

But I'm not sure where it was.

Um, was it (done).

It was on Skype I guess.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON2) I found some dictionary.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON2) Mhm. 

(PERSON6) Yes, I-

But I think uh-

(PERSON2) <unintelligible> (IP) (right)-

(PERSON6) Mhm. 

Well this strange (A) you mentioned.

Can you copy the the uhm the letter to chat please?

(PERSON6) And just let me <unintelligible>.

(PERSON2) Ah, there it is.

<other_yawn>

(PERSON6) There was an- another as well, but (by a tree).

Don't remember which one was it exactly. 

(Save). 

Send another one.

(PERSON2) Well, uh, it seems that uh-

That there is no uh. 

Well, um.

Maybe we could uh replace this phoneme with uh some other one.

Because uh actually we want to uhm.

We want to uh, produce uh some uh a pro- variable pronunciations.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON2) So actually, actually.

Okay, if we substitute.

Ah, substituted.

Ah, like mhm.

Uh I don't know how to copy this, but um, if she w-.

There is some uhm nice chart y- in Wikipedia that um shows you the nearest phonemes.

It would be the one.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON2) And the nearest one are for example, you did not link these two or s-

Or um.

This one.

It's (three) so we can.

Just uh so we can just uh copy.

We can just substitute each uh word with this.

Uh.

With this phoneme with two other words with both or or three other versions of that word with using these (three) phonemes.

(PERSON6) Ca- can you share the linked of Wikipedia page?

Because I think there may be some.

Ah, other.

Phonemes.

Problems. 

So I think I would be okay.

(PERSON2) Uh if you go to the vowels uh.

Uh uh paragraph.

Then there is some uh or some mapping or or some map of uh um <other_yawn> of how which which phonemes are actually near, and which are more far apart.

So.

There are s-

(PERSON6) Are you are you typing (in this chat)? 

(PERSON2) Uhm can you open it in your window?

Because I'm still seeing your uh common line.

(PERSON6) Yes uh.

(PERSON2) Yeah, yeah.

This one.

Yeah yeah.

(PERSON6) Uh <laugh> <unintelligible>

Multiple pronunciation (anywhere but this).

(PERSON2) Sorry, uh?

(PERSON6) <unintelligible>

I don't know the uh a pronunciation of any of these vowels.

So.

Uh are there actually near when they're spoken?

(PERSON2) Uh uh I guess that they are so mhm.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON2) Uhm if-

Well, um, but just open them.

Uh.

There should be some uhm.

There should be some examples.

For example, uhm.

For the uh open (meat).

The uh central open (meat) the first uh first IPA phoneme.

If if you click on it, then, for example, it's in uh (bat).

Uh uh like like (burnt).

Uh the flying uh flying uh animal.

Uh a bat.

And there is this example.

And <other_yawn> if we go for for the the letter, we do not have in in (CMU).

And there is an example like uh a not not bird.

But.

Well.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

Mhm.

Mhm.

(PERSON2) Or.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

Yeah.

Okay I think (I can I will see it then).

(PERSON2) Or maybe.

(PERSON6) Uh.

(PERSON2) And (it's in a rich word) in our dictionary.

Uh uh it's in.

Where it is?

I I'm.

I'm blind. 

In which (word) uh did you find the this this uh a rotated A?

(PERSON6) Uh.

I think.

It is IBM.

It's (PERSON5).

(PERSON2) M.

So-

(PERSON6) So I think the better example is this ter- E.

Uh in in (Watson).

(PERSON2) I don't see it there.

(PERSON6) It's uh it-

(PERSON2) Oh, it's the E.

It it uh <unintelligible>

(PERSON6) Yeah.

It is a positive.

(PERSON2) (Son) and M, yeah. 

Well, I I guess that's quite near.

M and and, uh (watson).

Maybe I'm well somehow if you uh pronounce this uh pronounce it incorrectly.

Well, uh sorry [PERSON3], I need to uh go, because I have another main thing.

And I m- I need to prepare myself.

(PERSON6) Okay.

(PERSON2) So uh, please.

Um, please.

Um, let's have a call uh tomorrow.

Ha- have been very free, free tomorrow.

I'm.

For example, let's say, where's my calendar?

(PERSON6) I think probably it will be difficult to have a call tomorrow.

I will let you know an email or (flight), because tomorrow I I uh am usually off for Friday prayer on Friday for ten to twelve.

And then we have a test run with [PERSON3] that we were discussing.

(PERSON2) Uh, okay.

Yeah, that's true.

(PERSON6) So I think probably it will be difficult for tomorrow.

Uh uh-

<unintelligible>

(PERSON2) Uh so uh let's just-

(PERSON6) We need-

Mhm.

(PERSON2) Uhm.

So uh just uh just (a bright view).

What do you need from me.

If you need to uh for me to uh.

Remap.

Uh, my a dictionary to (CMU).

Uh, well, I can definitely do that.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON2) So uh this is what you need.

(PERSON6) Yes, if if that can be done.

It would be very great.

Because I uh can do that.

But I'm uh uh I'm as sure I am <unintelligible> the main adaptation models.

And so a- if you have time and you are not too busy.

So it would be it would be great if you can do it.

(PERSON2) Well, okay, I can do that.

(PERSON6) Okay, that would be great.

If you just convert this list into the uh (CMU) uh phonemes.

So so that that (it would be IPA) (there will be the phonemes of alphabet).

(PERSON2) So sorry, once again, please?

(PERSON6) I'm saying that if you could just change these (IPAs) to the alphabet phonemes.

That would be great.

(PERSON2) To the (CMU) you mean?

You you mean?

(PERSON6) Yes, yeah, the (CMUs).

(PERSON2) Okay, okay, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, sure.

Sure.

Sure thing.

Yeah.

(PERSON6) Okay.

(PERSON2) Okay, so.

Uhm

(PERSON6) Thank you so much.

(PERSON2) Okay so I I will- I get in touch with you.

Probably tomorrow.

(PERSON6) Okay.

(PERSON2) Okay.

(PERSON6) Mhm.

(PERSON2) Bye.

(PERSON6) Okay thank you so much.

Bye.

Uh [PERSON5] can I uh just end the uh meeting?